Hello world, my name is Avery. 

I'm going to tell you a little bit about my self. I've got a pretty big family and tons of pets some of which include two austarlian shepherds and one blue heeler. 
I was born and raised in Tulsa but Ive traveled to every state and have been to each state more than once. My favorite places so far, Moab, Utah and Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. I was always into traveling growing up and decided to find a career that would alow me to travel. When I turned 21 years old I took the leap and tried something no one in my family had ever done and that was truck driving. I had a blast traveling but eventully realized it was taking a toll on my body and mental health being away from family for long periods of time. Recently I made the decision to jump into something new. I asked around at family gatherings and eventually deciding on something in tech. Website development caught my eye because it allows me to create soloutions, express my creativity and design. It will also allow me to work while being close to home which is very important to me. My first project, I will create a website for my current job and also one for my uncles cabinet shop.Mostly blog style then eventually getting more advanced. My main goals are learning how to store all of the information and create a flawless and easy to use website. Growing up I never got into conventional sports. My dad got me into rock climbing, facing big walls and bouldering. My step dad got me into bmx and mountain biking. I raced at the grandnationals in junior class and placing second in the country. My hobbies consist of mountain biking, bouldering, and video games. 